disambiguate these two docs. (#21842)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/secrets/mongodbatlas.mdx

Private Keys are returned to the caller. To learn more about Programmatic API Keys visit the
[Programmatic API Keys Doc](https://docs.atlas.mongodb.com/reference/api-docs/apiKeys/).

> Please do not confuse this with MongoDB Atlas Database secrets engine described [here](/vault/docs/secrets/databases/mongodbatlas).

Reviewer: The thing you are linking to here is not a secrets engine - it is a database plugin

```suggestion
Please do not confuse this with MongoDB Atlas database plugin described [here](/vault/docs/secrets/databases/mongodbatlas).
```

> Please do not confuse this with MongoDB Atlas Database secrets engine described [here](/vault/docs/secrets/databases/mongodbatlas).

Reviewer 2: <Note>
  The information below relates to the MongoDB Altas <b>secrets engine</b>. Refer to the
  <a href="vault/docs/secrets/databases/mongodbatlas">MongoDB Atlas database secrets engine</a>
  for information about using the MongoDB Atlas database plugin for the Vault
  database secrets engine.
</Note>

Reviewer 3: Merged the suggestion. Thanks!

> Please do not confuse this with MongoDB Atlas Database secrets engine described [here](/vault/docs/secrets/databases/mongodbatlas).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Note>
  The information below relates to the MongoDB Altas <b>secrets engine</b>. Refer to the
  <a href="vault/docs/secrets/databases/mongodbatlas">MongoDB Atlas database secrets engine</a>
  for information about using the MongoDB Atlas database plugin for the Vault
  database secrets engine.
</Note>
```
style corrections: avoid "please".
